Feature/issue 551 azuread_groups security_enabled flag (#552)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azuread: docs/data-sources/groups.md

}
```

> *Look up all security groups*

Reviewer: I think it's worth this subtle distinction due to the aforementioned possibility that M365 groups can act as security groups

```suggestion
*Look up all security-enabled groups*
```

```terraform
data "azuread_groups" "allGroups" {
  return_all       = true
  security_enabled = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `display_names` - (Optional) The display names of the groups.
* `object_ids` - (Optional) The object IDs of the groups.
* `return_all` - (Optional) A flag to denote if all groups should be fetched and returned.
* `security_enabled` - (Optional) A flag to denote if only `security_enabled=true` groups should be returned.

> * `mail_enabled` - (Optional) A flag to denote if only `mail_enabled=true` groups should be returned.

Reviewer: Could we move this up a few lines to maintain alphabetic sorting?

~> One of `display_names`, `object_ids` or `return_all` should be specified. Either of the first two _may_ be specified as an empty list, in which case no results will be returned.

> ~> `security_enabled` and `mail_enabled` flags work with `return_all` and `display_names` but not `object_ids`

Reviewer: This should be an info box (`~>` makes a red box)

```suggestion
-> `security_enabled` and `mail_enabled` flags work with `return_all` and `display_names` but not `object_ids`
```

Author: I had no idea that there were info boxes - Apologies

* `display_names` - (Optional) The display names of the groups.
* `object_ids` - (Optional) The object IDs of the groups.
* `return_all` - (Optional) A flag to denote if all groups should be fetched and returned.

> * `security_enabled` - (Optional) A flag to denote if only `security_enabled=true` groups should be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `security_enabled` - (Optional) Whether the groups are security-enabled.
```

Author: I like the previous wording - It matches the boolean flag wording of `return_all` - But I understand if the english is a bit crazy.

Reviewer: That's fine, I was thinking to align the wording more with the `azuread_group` DS but this is sufficiently different 👍
